Now our edit is looking good, we have all of our graphic titles now what I want to do is, like I mentioned,
add something a little bit more professional.
It's going to stand out at the end of this video.
So that kind of gets into the motion graphic category.
And a program like After Effects is something that's perfect for that.
So I want to dive into using that platform or that program a little bit in this edit and show you how
I do that for all my past and current actually client projects.
So rather than creating a project from scratch for, you know, these more in-depth motion graphics,
one of the sites that I've used for years is video.
I've done that.
So you can see up here video, hi, dot net.
And what it does is it gives you these premade template graphic assets so you can see if I click on
one of these and hit play here.
Boom, boom, boom, boom.
Right.
OK.
That would have taken me like a week to create.
So there's tons.
I have like, you know, four pages of stuff that I've just bought and used over the years.
This one's 18 bucks.
It would have taken me days to create.
So it's definitely well worth the money when you want to have something that stands out.
Right.
It's not just white text on the screen.
This is OK to have white text on screen because this is more about information being provided.
It doesn't need to look fancy.
And honestly, you don't want to distract too much when it's overlaid on top of footage.
The thing with a motion graphic is that most of the time it's going to be a whole image on itself.
This is overlaid on top of footage.
But when we get into something that's as in depth and has as much detail going on as one like this,
you don't really want to overlay this on footage a whole lot of the time because it might be a little
too much to take in.
Right.
So we're going to use this as an outro motion graphic.
So I've got a good feeling that knowing these different graphics that I've already used over the years,
this one right here is going to be good for the kind of professional vibe that we're going for.
We want something elegant.
We want something to match up with a high end real estate property.
So we're going to go for something and a motion graphic that matches that vibe.
So because I've already purchased this, I'm going to go ahead and click download and we're going to
open it up inside after effects.
And before I do that, if you want, you can go to video Hy's, you know, or site that similar.
You know, there's tons of Instagram ads that pop up now these days for different kind of preset packs,
transition packs after effects packs.
And there's plenty out there and it's well worth the ten to twenty dollars to purchase when you really
like, because then you'll have it permanently for years to come.
So let's get into after effects and start this edit.